# <span style="color:#4c956c">72 Point Asset Management Reference Application</span>
## Contact Information + CV
<a href="https://alexavndra.github.io/72-point-statements/Alexandra-Hernandez-CV.pdf" target="_blank" style="color:#507399"><ins>Click this text here to access my CV (it will open in a new window).</ins></a> <br/>
**Email**: [alexavndrarh@gmail.com]("mailto:alexavndrarh@gmail.com")

## <span style="color:#4c956c">Positions desired</span>
Click the names provided to go to the respective listings; will also open in a new window.
1. <a href="https://careers.point72.com/CSJobDetail?jobName=quantitative-software-developer-intern&jobCode=CSS-0011537&retURL=/CSCareerSearch" target="_blank" style="color:#507399">Quantitative Software Developer Intern</a>
2. <a href="https://careers.point72.com/CSJobDetail?jobName=summer-2024-quantitative-developer-internship&jobCode=CSS-0010069&retURL=/CSCareerSearch" target="_blank" style="color:#507399">Summer 2024 Quantitative Developer Internship</a>
3. <a href="https://careers.point72.com/CSJobDetail?jobName=quantitative-researcher-intern&jobCode=CSS-0000570&retURL=/CSCareerSearch" target="_blank" style="color:#507399">Quantative Researcher – Intern</a>

## <span style="color:#4c956c">Position-specific statements</span>
### <span style="color:#216869">Quantitive Software Developer Intern</span>
Along with my technical skills (working with file systems, debuggers, Linux terminals, version controls and databases, etc.), my attention to detail, emphasis on communication, and motivation to continuously improve, learn, and innovate as I work–independently and collaboratory–would make me the perfect intern for the Systematic Investing focus of Point 72. Throughout my academic career, I've worked on my technical skills in several aspects: with a team, in work, and personally. My drive to continously learn has allowed me to find good work in data and software development, most notably as a WordPress Developer and Data Management Assistant, where I apply my knowledge, specifically in Git version control, SQL, Python, Linux terminals, file systems, and remote database control. Furthermore, as these jobs do require lots of detailing, I know that I'm *extremely* detail-oriented–and organized; more so, as having lots of experience with working in teams, inside and outside of school, I can say that I'm an effective communicator between members.

### <span style="color:#216869">Summer 2024 Quantitative Developer Internship</span>
I believe I would be the best fit for this internship because of my experience in data development and research. My experience in procedures such as infrastructure maintenance, cloud API networking, and remote database storage, and machine learning algorithms (and predictors) could help make hedge funding a more sufficient–and effective–process. Furthermore, I have experience in doing financial research and presenting; my skills gained from both my major and multiple positions–both current and past–would be immensely beneficial to the role. To know this is a possibility greatly interests me and motivates me to improve on my skills–and self. Overall, I believe my background in computing, research, and my enthusiasm for the finance industry make me a well-suited candidate for this internship.

### <span style="color:#216869">Quantitative Researcher – Intern</span>
In applying as a Quantitative Researcher Intern for the Cubist group of Point 72, I believe I'm a strong candidate for the role because of my passion for data research and enthusiam for stepping into the financial field. Though I'm still an undergraduate at UC San Diego, I have a myriad of experience in data research, most notably from my current job as a Data Management Assistant at the Scripps Institute of Oceanography. As I work heavily with data processing and model visualizations through Python and Bash for oceanographic researchers, this internship would allow me to further hone my skills in data processing, visualization, and machine learning predictors on a larger scale. More so, to work with it in a field that is very hands-on and feasible would help in its application in everyday life; as a result, I'm very passionate at applying data analytical concepts to the financial field. 

## <span style="color:#4c956c">General/Overall statement</span>
I'm confident that I'd be a great fit for Point 72 Asset Management because knowing that I have the chance to make an impact–big and small–in the industry drives me to continuously learn and improve in my craft, and this drive is what I feel Point 72 would benefit from. Though I am beginning my journey into the financial and venture capital field, I'm confident that my skills gained from both my major *and* multiple positions–both current and past–would be immensely beneficial to the role, as my experience in procedures such as conducting financial research, data collection and analysis, presenting to business stakeholders and investors, operation optimization, collaboration, and inter-department communication would make hedge funding a more sufficient–and effective–process. To know this is a possibility greatly interests me and motivates me to improve on my skills–and self. Overall, I believe my background and my enthusiasm for the finance industry make me a well-suited candidate for the company, and I am eager to contribute to Point 72's innovative work in this field.

## <span style="color:#4c956c">Find more about me at these websites!</span>
**Website**: <a href="https://alexavndra.github.io" target="_blank" style="color:#354f52">alexavndra.github.io</a><br/>
**LinkedIn**: <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/alexavndrarh" target="_blank" style="color:#354f52">linkedin.com/in/alexavndrarh</a><br/>
**GitHub**: <a href="https://github.com/alexavndra" target="_blank" style="color:#354f52">github.com/alexavndra</a><br/>